Sir, you are absolutely authentic
Sir, you asked me to investigate leprechauns
I have snuck into his house
Found something suspicious
I don't know.
I have sent you the work of what I found.
quilt
This quilt, this quilt was the quilt that night
I didn't expect to be in the Zhu family.
It was him
I didn't expect it to be him
The nearest location was scammed.
Four treasures don't cry
Mommy should be at this hotel
Don't be afraid, Dad will take you to Mommy
Will it be good?
You want money?
Then come here, come here
Thanks.
I'm on my knees
Do you want to go back on it?
I can give you this money.
But you have to promise me one condition.
I'll give you the money.
You give me your daughter
You haven't given up yet
I will not give you my daughter
Why did you have to take my daughter?
You don't have to worry about that.
Your daughter following you is a dead end
Following me is the right choice
Sayuri, you don't know anything at all
Sibo is just a tool for you to compete for favor
You won't treat him well at all
But he is my own flesh and blood
The child I raised
Blood is thicker than water
I won't give him to you even if I die
Toast without eating
It's a penalty drink
Let me see
Your four treasures will go to the west like the five treasures sooner or later
How did you know about the five treasures?
Where are my five treasures?
Less verbose
I don't know what five treasures or not, go away
Catch him for me
Show him some color
Stop
Mommy, are you alright?